Today saw a golden puppy on the sidewalk, this time I actually went ahead and played with it. Feels so nice and awesome to hold it. So cute af. 
I remember you remembering phoebe so fondly all the time when she was growing up and I could not grasp the cuteness when you talked about her. Now that I met
Rosco the six week old puppy,  I could sense the same feeling you've enjoyed for so long with her. I totally understand how she gave you hope and you 
fought through the hell in the last apt. Kudos to you. 

I dont know how long I am going to keep writing this. I just feel bad that you chose to become so livid at me, for apparently unknown reasons when I told 
that I was sorry for what had happened and I was ready for a relationship. I still don't understand why you didn't have it in you to give me a second chance. 
Your memories are still fresh in my mind, even after almost two months. The pain of being away from you was always there and now this one is even hurts bad. 

I wish that I would have acted quickly when I always knew that I loved and said that to you. You've never seen my care, maybe i was dealing with my own stupidity when 
I said I wanted to take time. 

Fuck this feeling man, it feels worse to know that you're not there anymore in my life and I will always have to live without you. Why am i so adamant in 
living with you. Unlike your other boyfriends, I never disrespected you and treated you like a piece of shit, and yet on the day of break up; you feel that 
you had a better relationship with them . 

I just enjoyed that we were so open and vulnerable with each other, looks like even the purest kind of things don't tend to last. 

I could understand your frustration when I was tensed and stuff, but I never blamed you for it. I just wasnt eating right and was worried about the future, 
this did not mean that I could not win in the world. HAd I known, that I had to play this game of deception and lies, I could have done a lot of stupid 
shit behind your back and come back to you and saved the relationship. 

I dont know if this helping me or making things worse, I just wish, you get to see this some day and realize how much I loved you and you know that you loved
me too. Even after all the things that you said to me, during the last days, I don't know why I feel the love so strongly about you. I know your
biological clock is ticking and made you behave is some way, which you might or might not be willing to accept. 

I understood you more than you understood me, I guess that is why I was able to forgive you for treating me the way you treated me in the end. But, alas this 
thing ended in such a way. Let's hope, that time will heal all these wounds and let me move on peacefully. This world seems so lonely and cold without you. 
You occupied my mind all the time you were with me. Now, only those memories keep coming back as flashbacks and keep me up. 

I don't wanna be that way. I want to love you,  I want you to understand me. I wish I could do something to turn back time and change all the things that 
are going on. 

Life man! 
Dammn
