Why is life so self preservative?? 
I tried to use the screwdriver to poke myself and dint have the courage to follow through? 

This seems to be a lot tougher than just bearing through the pain. I feel, I might be able to rough out this weather for almost 1 more year. 

Would it be easier to be  a data scientist or to become a software engineer. Like all lthe problems that I have with dreams, even sde is a dream and give the 
situation that I am in, I dont think becoming a software engineer would be easy; atleast when compared to the data scientist. 

Jab aata kuch nahi hai, to kuch to kar lena chahiye jo samajh aajayega. Life is shitty right now man.

I imagined so many things with you and now this has all gone to draain, only because of some misunderstanding. I was ready to commit to you and wanted
to let you know. How do beautiful things like this end. and leave one person almost on the edge of mental insanity. 
Other already moving on without any remorse. I understand the body has needs and stuff, but I always thought that you would atleast 
think of me as someone who you loved. Did not expect you to take only 4 days to move on and find someone. This hurts real bad, since we never met each other
adn this had to end like this. I love you then and I think I love you now too. I wish things would have been different. It was my mistake that I took so long 
to fly to you. This is literally like saying, seize the opportunity before it vanishes. 

Again man, all the things in the head seem to have fucked me up. I used to read a lot of books and now I only do is consume the youtube videos and 
burn my brain. Had I resorted to reading the books, my writing would be different and I would have been a better communicator. 

My brain at this point is just rambling some shit tthat wont even make sense. I am now back to square one with lost time and a heavy mortgage and nothing to 
show for the last year of my work. This is the stupideest thing that I have done in love. I loved it, when you called me bebu adn did the grabbing ka signal. 


I want to erase you from my mind, since you have already done that and moved on. I think it is only wise for me to do the same and become self aware. 

This is shit and i think I want to do more of it. I should have done the pro and cons analysis, to find the 
