Just thinking about you is making my brain go wild. This seems unusual. I should have concentrated on other things
while I was with you. This way I would have a balanced view of the world, like you had. Most of the things that you
told me then, hold to be true. I was and am a dreamer, and for people like me ; who just dream. There is no hope in thew 
world. I need to be doer along with being a dreamer. Looks like most of the people in my age seems to have found a 
partner.  I found a partner and lost them. I was ready to build it with you, but never understood why you were h
hesistant the second time when i was ready to commit and our relationship would have been successful this time, but 
I guess you had already started hating me more than you loved me before. alas, this had to end this way/ Cuz you knoew
that we a mutual love for pets and animals and I was planning to take u to a dog shelter. I was ready to ne with you 
and you just let that stuff slide, ssaying that you had ran out of love. I mean, I still dont understand that if someone 
could run out of love literally on the same day as they broke up. 

I am fucking seeing visions on the blackscreen of this laptop. I want to stay here and think what good we could have done, 
I just dont understand that I had never cheated on you or disrespected you while we were together (techhnically), Although 
this is claimed to be technical at the end of the time. 


I need to feed myself and stay healthy this time. I am literally killing myself thinking about you all the time. 
My life has gone to trash, for which I take the sole responsibilty.

As I keep passing everyday, I feeel whatever I can do now, I will be able to do it later at a much higher cost. So 
might as well enjoy the life of freedom and being single. This looks stupid. thta it has come to this. 

This is a probability of the fact that I may find someone or I might not. The fact that my decision making skills are 
all based on ideas and not practical scenarios, that is what is making me get fucked in the market. 

If you ever get to see this, that I respected you as a womanm , eventhough you treated me like shit in the end. I dont know
where that anger was coming from. 

I fucking feel, so low on energy and might just fall of the chair while I type this. One thing I notice is that I always keep w
waiting for the perfect time to start something and it never comes and I keep waiting and life goes on. WTF. 

