MAY 29 AND THE memorial day that follws today has played a significant part of my life here in the US. I usually end 
up buying shoes on this day every year. Maybe I'll do the same tomorrow. Who knows? 


The reason I am writing again here is that I am unable to take you off my mind. These several months have taught me 
a great deal about myself. Including wanting to come to reality and work hard to achieve the dreams rather than just
dreaming that one day, I would go about becoming something. Maybe, I will not be something I predicted I will be, but
luckily the illusion around the dreams has been broken severely. 
I always admired your resolution to stay in the real world and make something of yourself and maybe support me in 
my endeavours. I am in a place, where I will need to put in a hell lot amount of work to make something of myself. 

This seems like a 5 year project now, I should have known about this in the first place . I did not have money back then
when i sstarted dreaming. I should have gotten the moeny and then started about failing and trying new things. Now,
That the situation is tight and I cannot afford to take risks. I have to keep everything I feel to myself and express it 
here. This is some real shit in terms of maturing and taking responsibility of your own life. Although, I feel that
I need to live my own life and accept the good and the bad parts of it. This has become stupid man. I imagined so 
many things with you and you literally did not have patience to write something. 

I dont know if writing this is helping me or not. Bc itna time khapra hai. I want you back but at the same time, the
thing that you said to me; when you wanted to move on makes me hurt. 

Life is chutiya and shit and your'e a fuckin warrior. You'll not even know that this document exists and now you are living 
the life so normally and casually that this all seems soo stupid and meaningless. 

I literally spent my whole year on us, ignored my career and tried to make things right. I know, that is on me. 

I should have focussed on myself and my career. I feel so stupid bebu. I think, this word I will never use for 
anyone ever again. Bebu bolne ko bhi itna dar lagta hai. Jaana is something I used to call you, until you asked me
stop using that for you. Itna acidic kyun thi mere saath, mujhe samajh nahi aara hai. 

You are just a fragment in my mind now. I so, desperately want this to come true, but I know ye sab kabhi sach nahi 
hoga. 

This is shit, this is bullshit. I feel numb and dont know how to feel about this. This is in my mind. I think I still 
care how this will look when you take a look at it. 


Ek baar to padlena meri jaan. Tu wapas nahi aayegi, ye baat mujhse abhi bhi digest nahi hora hai. 
