So many ups and downs bruh. Thought of writing this long time back. This was back in August that I wanted to write a diary every day. 
But I feel writing everyday is also not possible. Bruh wtf am I even doing trying to write here now. 
gand me dum chahiye bhai kaam karne ke liye. The more you write you realize there is so much to make it clear. 
I kind of feel relaxed writing my fears and shit down on a piece of paper. 
Is this about REsham or this is going to turn into my own personal diary?? Bruh!
I think this is enough for today. Writing this makes me realize how bad my typing is ....damnn... This feels like 
uncle tapping on the keyboard. I need to improve this. 
Resham name sounds sexy though. Not gonna lie, feels cool! wow Resham Resham Resham. Feel like I need to keep saying it. 
If anything is too good to be true? It usually is. I think I have had my fair share of struggles with her, so kinda
makes me feel that is real and true and can be worked out?? 
Wow, I feel relieved! 
This is the first day of me writing this note to myself, should I write only the positive things in this? Should I 
include also the doubts and the fears and the negative things too? 
Should I be sooooo transparent with her? Am I setting myself up for heartbreak? 
Bc my mind is racing now and I am thinking faster than I can type. Is this normal? Should I accept that I am a normal person 
and try to solve the problems like that? or is it my ovetthinking that is causing me to think this way. 
I mean or wish no harm onto others. But having opinions or bias; do they make a person bad? or is it the action that makes 
a person bad? I mean I was not a success because I did not put in the work and had the brilliant ideas. I guess it works 
the same way, since my thinking did not harm to others but to myself?? Did it tho? 
Damn! 
I be trippin tho! So much in my mind and I just feel like I should keeep typing!!!!
Who will read this? Me? Resham? Someone else? 
What is there to hide tho? Nothing from her! Damn thats like a very scary position to be in tho! 
Kya kare bhai bata de fir! fuck this and push the code lmao. Jo hoga dekha jayega. All my best decisions have come when
I have been half ready. Bc! But marriage and all that is a different level of stress tho. 
I mean I have never been so close to anyone until I met Reshu tho. Feel blessed and scared at the same time. Why do I care
about stupid shit tho?? I meannnnnnn apne ko hua nahi to duniya na kare ..aise to nahi bol sakte na. FAir enough 
I am kind of liking this. All good big bruh! 
wowowowowowo
heehehehheheh
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah

Pyaar hona easy hai bhai, nibhana mushkil hai. Gand me dum nahi hai to mat karo. BC atleast abhi ke age me. I mean adult life
me. 
Am I a chomu? ki Am i brave? Does that even matter? Fuck this question. Do your thing?!
